Add note about multiple optional dependencies (#26866)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/maven-tooling.adoc

<2> For backward compatibility reasons, it is necessary to explicitly indicate that the optional dependencies need to be filtered.
<3> Only the optional dependency corresponding to the JDBC driver of PostgreSQL is expected in the final artifact.

> NOTE: If you have more than one optional dependency to declare in the `quarkus.package.included-optional-dependencies` tag, make sure they are separated with `,` (eg. `org.postgresql:postgresql::jar,com.foo:bar::jar`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you have more than one optional dependency to declare in the `quarkus.package.included-optional-dependencies` tag, make sure they are separated with `,` (e.g. `org.postgresql:postgresql::jar,com.foo:bar::jar`).
```
